Document address function calls (#299)
Certora/Documentation: docs/cvl/expr.md

each checked method.  Rules that use this feature are referred to as
{term}`parametric rule`s.

> Another possible way to have the Prover consider options for a function is by
> prefixing the function name with an `address` typed variable. In this case the

Reviewer: Maybe this is slightly simpler wording? Prefixing the function name with `address` type variable reads a bit overly complicated? 

```suggestion
Another possible way to have the Prover consider options for a function is by
using an `address` typed variable and "calling" the function on it, e.g. `address a; a.foo(...);`. In this case the
```

> Prover will consider every possible contract in the scene that implements a

Reviewer 2: do we have a glossary item for `scene`? we should refer to it

function that matches the signature provided by the call (if no such function
exists in the scene the prover will fail with an error).

> Note: The Prover will ignore possible values of the `address` variable that

Reviewer 2: maybe we can say it positively:
`The values that the `address` variable can take are the addresses that are associated with the relevant contracts in the scene. Notably, other values would not be possible: Given an address variable `a`, on which we call a some method implemented by contracts `A` and `B`, we will have an implicit `require a == A || a == B`
